Gave an example for Nabu Casa because many of the examples given else… (#13628)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/withings.markdown

- Logo: Any reasonable picture will do.
- Description: Personal app for collecting my data.
- Contact Email: Your email address

> - Callback Uri: `https://your-domain-name/auth/external/callback` - Withings will check if this URL is accessible (HTTP HEAD) upon submitting the form. If you are using a recent version of home assistant with Nabu Casa, this URL will look like `https://YOUR_NABU_CASA_ID.ui.nabu.casa/auth/external/callback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Callback Uri: `https://your-domain-name/auth/external/callback` - Withings will check if this URL is accessible (HTTP HEAD) upon submitting the form. If you are using the Home Assistant Cloud, this URL will look like `https://YOUR_NABU_CASA_ID.ui.nabu.casa/auth/external/callback`.
```

Author: I’m okay with that.
